add footnote referencing color on the website (#1308)
browserengineering/book: book/visual-effects.md

::: {.print-only}
However, there's another, subtly different way to create transparency
with CSS. Here^[See the `browser.engineering` website for the example and

> how it reflects in colors.], 50% transparency is applied to the whole element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how it looks in color.], 50% transparency is applied to the whole element
```

"How it reflects in colors" doesn't actually make sense to me.
